https://www.codeproject.com/Tips/351122/What-is-software-testing-What-are-the-different-ty


Examples of Testing Methodologies are Unit Testing, Integration Testing, System Testing, Performance Testing etc. Each testing methodology has a defined test objective, test strategy and deliverables. Types of testing

There are many types of testing like
    Unit Testing
    Integration Testing
    Functional Testing
    System Testing
    Stress Testing
    Performance Testing
    Usability Testing
    Acceptance Testing
    Regression Testing
    Beta Testing   


Basics of software testing

There are two basics of software testing: blackbox testing and whitebox testing.


Blackbox Testing

Black box testing is a testing technique that ignores the internal mechanism of the system and focuses on the output generated against any input and execution of the system. 
It is also called "functional testing".




Whitebox Testing 

White box testing is a testing technique that takes into account the internal mechanism of a system. 
It is also called "structural testing" and "glass box testing".

Black box testing is often used for validation and white box testing is often used for verification.  



Black box testing ---> validation which is "functional testing"
white box testing ---> verification which is "structural testing" and "glass box testing"





Software Testing

Software testing is the process of evaluation a software item to detect differences between given input and expected output. 
Also to assess the feature of A software item. 
Testing assesses the quality of the product. 
Software testing is a process that should be done during the development process. 
In other words software testing is a verification and validation process.




Verification (product satisfies the conditions imposed at start of development)

Verification is the process to make sure the product satisfies the conditions imposed at the start of the development phase. 
In other words, to make sure the product behaves the way we want it to.



Validation (according to cusotmer requirements)

Validation is the process to make sure the product satisfies the specified requirements at the end of the development phase. 
In other words, to make sure the product is built as per customer requirements.



